cli release 1.3.4 (#581)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli-release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

## v1.3.4

Release date: April 11, 2022

### Additional Improvements

> - The astrocloud dev start command should now be slightly faster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the performance of `astrocloud dev start`
```

Reviewer: How noticeable do you think this performance would be to an end user? I'm inclined not to include this in release notes if it's only a minor performance improvement, but if it's anything more than a few seconds then we should keep it. 

In any case, I think we should put the note about the Deployment URLs first, since that has a greater user impact.

Author: this really depends on the machine. Probably will b e noticeable on M1

> - Astrocloud deploy output not links to the Deployment’s page in the Astronomer UI and its Webserver URL. This gives users easy access to these URLs after a deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you successfully push code to a Deployment via `astrocloud deploy`, the CLI now provides URLs for accessing the Deployment's Cloud UI and Airflow UI pages.
```
